This project comes from a case study where a College Athletics Department seeks a go-to-market strategy for selling their football stadium's naming rights. 
The assignment required an evaluation of the market rate for these rights, identification of potential corporate partners, and reasons why these entities would benefit from a partnership.
The Report Requirements:
1.Develop and detail an analytical framework to assess the naming rights' value.
2.Offer a concise recommendation of potential partners and categories, explaining the mutual benefits of such partnerships.

My school of Choice was Clemson University and for the valuation the final value was reached by using a combination of machine learning models.

VALUATION METHODOLOGY

I used viewership data and some additional data points I got, such as the school city population and stadium capacity
Then I combined the data by teams but since many of these variables are colinear, I tested a few models to select the features a would use for the final prediction model.
The best performing model was the PCA – principal component analysis, which reduces the variables in a way that you still have important information. In other words, it identifies the variables that explain most variance between the final result.

Once I had the features, I started the predictions
The model that worked the best was Gradient Boosting. It that starts with a weak model that doesn’t have much predictable power, and then it keeps adding models to the residuals of the previous model trying to correct the errors. 
It then combines the predictions of multiple weak learners through weighted averaging. Gradient Boosting gradually improves the overall model's predictive accuracy and was the model with the lowest mean squared error

POTENTIAL SPONSOR METHODOLOGY
I used a few different filtering techniques once I had the database combined with clustering techniques to put similar companies together.
The clustering technique I initially used was density-based spatial clustering because it performs well on identifying subgroups even if companies are similar,
it handles outliers and noise on the data and there is no need to predefine the number of groups.

The filtering was done as per below:
1. Location - local companies were preffered - in the area of Greenville, Anderson and Spartanburg
2. Revenue - over 100M
3. Industry - top industries with stadium naming rights deals across division 1
4. Number of alumni working in the companies to determine if it was a fit
